docs: add documentation about timestamp data type (#6853)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/reference/serialization.md

}
```

#### Timestamp Serialization

Timestamps are serialized as numbers indicating the Unix epoch time in milliseconds. For example,

> a timestamp at `1970-01-01T00:00:00.001` will be serialized as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a timestamp at `1970-01-01T00:00:00.001` is serialized as
```

```json
{
  "value": 1
}
```

> ksqlDb will deserialize a number as a `TIMESTAMP` if it corresponds to a `TIMESTAMP` typed field in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ksqlDb deserializes a number as a `TIMESTAMP` if it corresponds to a `TIMESTAMP` typed field in
```
